Update changelog with counts and capitals (#363)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- PUT THE NEW CHANGELOG ENTRY RIGHT BELOW THIS -->
<!-------------------------------------------------->

## Upcoming

> * The raw count matrix is again rounded to integer values, in agreement with the documentation

Reviewer: If I'm right that this only impacted sc/snRNA-seq and if using code styling for those words is consistent with what we do elsewhere (I'm pretty sure it is):

```suggestion
* Recent versions of the raw count matrices in `SingleCellExperiment` and `AnnData` objects were not rounded. 
The raw counts are now rounded to integer values in agreement with the documentation.
```

> * Some project-specific metadata columns were renamed for uniformity
>   * columns previously labeled as `mycn_status` or similar with a gene name prefix are capitalized `MYCN_status`
>   * columns that were previously labeled with sentence case are now all lower case.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Some project-specific metadata columns were renamed for uniformity:
  * Columns previously labeled as `mycn_status` or similar with a gene name prefix are capitalized `MYCN_status`.
  * Columns that were previously labeled with sentence case are now all lower case.  
```
